every two there's a good chance that
kovat will not come back we don't know
it comes back it's in a very small
confined error that we put out well the
great thing is will we'll be able to
find it earlier this time and I think
that's what we're talking about we'll
find those cases earlier so what dr.
Redfield said we would be able to stay
in containment phase and what we're also
hoping and we talked about this about
four or five weeks ago that we're hoping
that the flu infections also go down
because people are much more aware of
respiratory illnesses and how to protect
themselves I want you to get your
vaccine but we also want to also protect
individuals from getting the flu because
of the vulnerability we know in certain
populations to flu and the devastating
outcomes to flu we could prevent and
decrease both of those things so I think
we are assured that the CDC is putting
in place today what we are going to need
in the fall so that we can stay in
containment
if potentially the virus comes back and
if it comes back they won't be coming
back in the form that it was it will be
coming back in smaller doses that we can
contain but what the doctor was saying
when I spoke to a great length he was
saying if it should come back together
now you have a flu and you have the
embers of Corona
but in my opinion from everything I've
seen it can never be like anything that
we've witnessed right now would you say
we will not go through you could have
some embers of Corona and you can have a
big flue system and if they combine if
they come together if they come together
it's not great
but we will not go through what we went
through for the last two months I
understand that the United States will
certainly be more prepared in the fall
but how can you say that you know it
won't come back in the same level that
it has today what it is estimate it
might not come back at all Jeff it may
not come back at all he's talking about
a worst case scenario where you have a
big flu and you have some Corona and if
it does come back it's not going to come
back and I've spoken to ten different
people not going to be like it was also
we have much better containment now
before nobody knew about it nobody knew
anything about it we understand it now
if we have pockets a little pocket here
then we're gonna have it put out it goes
out and it's going to go out fast we're
gonna be watching for it but it's all
possible it's also possible it doesn't
come back at all but I don't understand
how you know it won't come back
scale I didn't say it's not I said if it
does it's not going to come back or
anything near what we went through but
you could have a mess where they come at
the same time and if they come at the
same time the flu is not the greatest
thing in the world Jeff it's not the
greatest thing either if they come at
the same time you have them both but if
we have embers of Corona coupled with
the flu that's not gonna be pleasant but
it's not gonna be what we've gone
through in any way shape or form yeah if
you're don't think that it's a comeback
and at the same scenario is right now
why are you still directing that
taxpayer dollars to spend an emergency
procurement of ventilators we have to
have them for other reasons something
else could come I mean we didn't know
about Corona now we know about Corona
but look at what happened and now we did
have the h1n1 swine flu we had that we
have other things that have happened we
had various forms of flu but nothing
like what we've had here nothing at all
like what we have had here with the
virus but something could happen I think
that the stockpiles we're making
hundreds of thousands of ventilators
right now nobody writes about that you
know at the one time all they talked
about was ventilators right because you
didn't think it was possible for me to
solve that problem and I solved it and
nobody can believe it I just spoke to
world leaders today who desperately need
ventilators they said the job you've
done and we're sending 500 to Mexico
then another 500 to France we're sending
some to Spain we're sending some to
Italy we have them they're being made by
the thousands and world leaders I spoke
to Prime Minister I mean I went through
a lot of different calls today I won't
even tell you but I went that I can give
you a list if you want but I went
through a lot of calls to a lot of
leaders spoke with Pakistan they would
like to have some ventilators we're
gonna get him some ventilators but they
all said to be one thing it was
incredible that you sawed off the
ventilator problem cuz that was a big
problem the testing problem we've done
more than any other nation in the world
go a step further if you added up the
testing of every nation in the world
put them together we've done
substantially more than that you people
aren't satisfied so let's say we had
three hundred and fifty million people
in the United States right let's say and
if we gave every one of those people a
test ten times so we gave 350 people a
test ten times the fake news media would
say where's the 11th time he didn't do
his job Trump didn't to his job because
you have a lot of bad reporting out
there it's very sad and it's so bad it's
not true they want to the bedroom okay
let's get on to another subject I wanted
that to be I wanted that to be cleared
up if you want we can get on to it later
but I want the vice president to speak
but you want to get the news accurately
or to write a beaut if you take a look
at what you wrote about the ventilators
and when we became the king of
ventilators we're making different
factories all over ventilators by the
thousands in fact Mike got back from
Wisconsin first thing he did he called
up I said how's it going he said you're
not gonna believe he just saw a plant
two factory where they're making
ventilators I think I can say the words
were unbelievable he said it was
unbelievable when he saw the quality of
the equipment the the professionalism a
tremendous number of how many workers
would you say were there nobody thought
this could be done the fake news was
very unhappy that it was done but you
guys don't ask me about ventilators
second who's unhappy than everybody
because you never mention it you never
mention it there's no stories what a
great job we've done with ventilates
we're now supplying ventilators all over
the world because no other country could
have done what we did and you should say
that's a great story instead you say
Trump was slow or slow
we were so fast plus we put the ban on
so much earlier when Nancy Pelosi is an
example you don't say this when she's
having her rally in San Francisco in
Chinatown in San Francisco nobody wants
to say that if we didn't a doctor foul
she said this if we didn't close our
country to China we would have been so
infected like nobody has ever seen when
you saw the chart
and we were at the top of the list in
terms of success nobody wrote it I said
where is anybody going to use that jerk
nobody wrote it in terms of mortality so
that nobody wrote it Germany and our
country the most successful in terms of
we're telling nobody wrote it it would
be great if you wrote the truth but
let's get on with it
because I want Mike just speak and then
we'll take some more questions on the
assumption you'd like to and I think you
probably will